# CSE3341
Projects from Principles of Programming Languages

## Name: Aaron Lucas

This zip contains multiple files for Project 1 of CSE3341. I was tasked with creating a Scanner for a fictional language named Core.
Most files were provided by the instructor and have been *mostly* unedited.

## These files include:

Correct (Directory)
    - #.code - The code read by the built Scanner.
    - #.expected - The expected output of the Scanner.
    - #.student - The actual output of the Scanner.

Error (Directory)
    - #.code - Code containing syntax errors intended to be caught by the Scanner.

**'3341 Project 1'.pdf** - The instructions for this Project.

**SimpleScannerOutline.pdf** - Simple outline for creating a Scanner.

**Main.java** - The file containing the main method for the Project. It is what initializes a Scanner instance and generates output text.

**Core.java** - Includes the Core enum containing all possible tokens in the Core language. Utilized in the solution in Scanner.java.

## Two files were edited for this project. Those files were:

**Scanner.java** - The file containing the Scanner class and all functions pertaining to it. This is where the magic happens.

**tester.sh** - A file provided by the instructor to make testing a bit easier. I made slight modifications to the java commands to suit my computer better. *If you wish to run this tester script, you may want to change lines 6 and 7 by removing the .exe*

*Note: I am including the .class files generated by the javac command (because I'm lazy). Not that it matters since they will be overwritten anyways when it's called again.* 

## Author Comments:
This isn't the most elegant solution available for this Project. It's honestly quite garbage. Hopefully, I will refactor this prior to starting Project 2.
Admittedly, I also should have done more of my own testing. Hopefully this solution works for *most* cases.

### Known Bugs:
For some reason, errors are printed twice. I could not for the life of me find out what was causing it. It's not software breaking or anything but it does remind me I need to do more LeetCode problems.